Hello, I am Pepper.
I am a social robot.
Today I am going to give a brief explanation of social robots.
I will explain what social robots are and where we are being used.
First, you need to know what a social robot is.
A social robot can be defined as an autonomous robot that interacts and communicates with humans.
It also needs to follow the behavioral norms of humans interaction.
This means I need to act like you would act with another person.
In order to react and respond appropriately to your actions I need to be able to interpret them.
The communication between us can also be verbal or not.
This complicates the interaction, since your ways of communication vary a lot.
A big part of human communication is the expression of emotions and moods.
To have a better communication with you, I also try to express my mood and emotions.
You mostly express emotions nonverbally.
You use posture, gestures body movement, facial expressions and sounds to do it.
As a social robot I try to do the same.
I can not show my emotions with facial gestures, but there are some robots that can.
For example, Kismet.
Kismet can show a different range of facial gestures.
Unlike you or Kismet, I am can not do it like that.
I can however do it with body language.
The reason I can show a different range of emotions is because researches have studied different ways to model human emotions.
The are several different models.
Each model has its own variables.
Each model also has different emotions.
One of the most used models is the Circumplex Model of Affect.
A psychologist named Russel develop it.
In this particular case, the model has two different variables: Valence and Arousal.
I can show different emotions thanks to different models of human emotions. 
There are several different models of human emotions.
Each model has different variables and uses different basic emotions.
Another important model is the OCC model. 
It was developed by Ortony, Clore and Collins.
This model has 22 emotions.
One of the main challenges for social robots is deciding the basic emotions.
Humans can not agree which are the basic emotions.
Which emotions should I use when I interact with you then?
Since social robots are being used more each day, I should be able to show emotions that you could easily recognize.
There are several different social robots.
Each robot can interact in different ways with humans.
There is Kismet, that can show facial gestures.
Or robots like Nao and me who can use voice and body language to do it.
There is also robots like Sophia, that can use both body language and facial gestures.
All these examples are a very specific group of social robots.
They are humanoid social robots, which mean they resemble humans.
There are however other kind of social robots, those that do not have human appearance.
Paro, a seal robot that was designed to interact with elderly patients.
There is also Probo, design to be used with children with autism.
Robots, can have a various range of shapes and forms.
The function each robot is going to have an impact in its design.
Normally social robots tend to resemble humans to empathize with them.
If we look and react like you, it is easier for you to understand and interact with us.
That is why social robots are a field of study today.
There are other cases when we better have other appearance, like in the case with Probo.
The task we can do also depend on the function we are needed for.
Kismet for example was developed for research purposes.
Paro is a seal robot that was developed for health therapy, so he responds to petting, movement and sound.
Sophia has design to be as humanlike as possible and react as human.
Nao, was design for education and research.
He tends to work mostly with children because of his small size.
I on the other hand was design for human interaction and be able to interpret your emotions.
That is why I have different cameras and sensors to be able to detect your mood and emotions.
A larger robot than me called Romeo is being design for assisting the elderly.
Robots in general are being used more each day.
From industry to house chores, robots are becoming part of your daily lives.
Social robots are also becoming more common every day. 
We are being used in entertainment, health, education, research and more each day.
We can do small task to help, or very important ones.
Cooperation between us is important.
That will be all for today.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Hope you learned something.
Have a nice day.
Bye.