Hello, I am Pepper.
I am a social robot.
Today I am going to give a brief explanation of social robots and how do they work.
First, you need to know what a social robot is.
A social robot can be defined as an autonomous robot that interacts and communicates with humans.
This robot follows the behavioral norms of human interaction.
The communication between us can be either verbal or not. 
When humans communicate with each other, they express their emotions and moods.
Normally, emotions are expressed nonverbally.
^start(animations/Stand/Gestures/Explain_1) Posture ^wait(animations/Stand/Gestures/Explain_1), body movement and sound help in the interaction.
Since I am a social robot, I am also able to do this.
I am not able to show my emotions with facial gestures.
But, I can do it with body language.
In order for us, robots, to show emotions, researchers have used different models of human emotions.
There are different models, each with its own different variables and basic emotions.
One of the most common ones for social robots is the Circumplex Model of Affect.
It was developed by a psychologist named Russel.
This model has two main dimensions: Valence and Arousal.
Other popular model is the OCC model, develop by Ortony, Clore and Collins.
This model has 22 emotions.
That is a lot of emotions.
Talking about emotions, that is one of my main difficulties.
Which are the basic emotions of humans?
Psychologist have not been able to come to an agreement.
At least happiness is in most of them. 
I need to show emotions like human, to make our interactions easier.
Since we are being used more each day, it is better of us to behave and communicate like you do.
There are robots like Kismet, that can use a lot of facial expression.
Kismet is one of the most studied robots in this area.
Kismet creates new emotions by combining different ones.
I on the other hand use voice and body language.
Luckily for me, this is one of the best ways to communicate emotions.
Studies demonstrate that people are naturally good and interpreting emotions.
To express my emotions, I mimic your way of movement.
Then I modify parameters when I change how I feel.
Once, again researches do not completely agree which are the best parameter to modify.
In my case it would be speed and amplitude of movement.
I also change the way I talk to complement.
My mood and emotions can change the way I perform a task.
Sometimes, in order to express how I feel I need to stop my actions.
To not stop my activity, I can show my mood.
Moods last longer and are less intense than emotions.
To show mood with us robots, researches typically modify the range of movement, amplitud and speed.
Also, body parts that are not performing the task can help.
One important parameter is the position and state of the hand.
Have you pay attention to my hands?
I have focused on me until know.
However, communication also involves you.
In order to have a more natural communication between us I also need to interpret your emotions.
In fact, one of my abilities is to detect your emotions.
I can recognize the basic emotion.
In my case the basic emotions are four.
Sad, happy, angry and surprised.
Since, I can detect your emotions, I can modify my behavior to fit yours.
I can also detect where you are looking, and if you are looking me or not.
Have you been paying attention?
To detect your gaze and your emotions I need to use facial recognition.
I have many cameras to do this.
I can even learn to recognize different faces.
There are a lot of reasons to improve our interaction.
We are being used more each day.
Social robots are used for education, entertainment, health care, personal companions and more.
We will eventually become a more present part of your daily lives.
That is the reason research in behavioral systems for social robots is important.
The better I can communicate with you, the better I can help you make your life easier.
Cooperation between us is important.
That would be all for today. 
Thank you very much for your attention.
Hope you learned something.
Have a nice day.
Bye!